I can tell that you won.
Of course.
I brought a medal for you too.
Sorry I couldn’t
cheer for you today.
I had an exam in the evening.
It’s okay, I know you
were cheering me in spirit.
Your reward.
What is it?
Summary of exam topics for Thai,
English, and Social Studies.
Where did you get this from?
I did it in my free time.
I’m worried you will be too focused
on basketball and forget to study.
You grades won’t be good
enough for university.
We’ll end up in different places.
I don't want to drive far.
Thank you.
A good life is possible
because of you.
But you have to read it.
For science subjects,
I’ll ask my friend to summarize them.
Do you love me?
Of course.
I love you so much.
We’ve been together
since I was in 10th grade.
And now I’m about
to enter university.
If I hadn’t met you,
I don’t know what my life would be.
Same here.
You’ve taught me that
a life that matters to
someone else feels different.
What I do for you
is because I want you
to have a better life
with me always being a part of it.
So how can I leave you?
Are you thinking of leaving me?
- No.
- Huh?
No.
I love only you.
I love you so much.
I’ll love only you forever.
So much.
What are you doing?
Kin.
My love.
What’s up?
I played basketball today.
My arm hurts so much.
So?
Look, my arm is sore.
I can’t even lift it.
I can’t reach the soap.
Is this a joke?
Come on, what do you think of me?
You like to tease me.
Than.
You're wet now.
Then let’s shower together.
Could you scrub my back?
Thank you.
Come on.
Let me do it for you.
It’s okay.
- Let me do it for you.
- Don’t bother.
Let me do it for you.
The soap fell.
You need to update your trick.
This one is so old.
Shut up.
I can tell who came up with it.
Why?
At least it still works.
This one is good.
Excuse me,
where is the finance department?
I understand that love matters,
But life stability is
just as important.
What is it?
Should I give you a massage?
How about that?
I’ve never forgotten
anything about us.
Let the past stay in the past.
Nothing good comes from
digging it all up again.
So we decided to find
the best option for you.
Than and Nut.
You can just raise it to the front.
Are you okay?
I’m fine, thanks.
Almost done?
Please apply
the oil for Than, okay?
Okay.
Just a second.
Is there a problem?
Don’t worry. If there’s an issue,
I’ll apply foundation first.
Then I’ll add the oil later.
Akin is the one who
will handle my skin.
I’m a bit shy,
it’s my first time doing this.
I’ve never done anything like this.
Could you please call Akin for me?
Sure.
Thank you.
She’s going to apply
the oil on my skin.
So I want you to take care of it.
You can do it, right?
Yes.
Okay.
Thank you.
He seems shy.
I’ll wait outside.
Call me when you're done.
Okay.
- Thank you.
You're so demanding.
Gently, please.
My skin is sensitive.
You rub me too hard.
Aren’t you worried
I might lose control?
Well, you’re doing it hard.
You're rubbing me gently.
I’m getting a bit carried away.
Want to do it yourself?
Thank you.
This touch
makes me remember what
we’ve been through more clearly.
You always cared for me sincerely.
You wanted me to have a good life.
Today, I’m just doing my duty.
Just as we agreed.
Look me in the eye.
I know you're not good at lying.
Our feelings are
still the same, right?
Everything has changed now.
Let’s just do our best
in our own roles.
Just live a good life
as you planned.
The life I dreamed of had you.
I’ll try my best to bring
you back into my life.
The world is no longer just us
like when you were younger.
We have to live with
what’s happened.
If...
you’re done,please come to the set.
All done. Let’s touch up on set.
- Okay.
Let's go.
Change your pose anytime.
Just relax.
Look at the camera.
Akin, please come this way.
I feel like his neck is a bit bare.
Could you add something
to make it more interesting?
Okay.
Just a sec, Mr. Don feels like
his neck is a bit bare.
Costume, can you find a necklace
to add on the model?
But don’t let it
overshadow the product.
Okay.
I think a small necklace
would work well.
Everyone, let’s take a break now.
Snacks are ready,
come grab something.
I'm possessive.
That might not be good,
people will see.
Put it on nicely.
I’m possessive too.
It should be good now.
There shouldn’t be any issues.
Okay, thank you.
You can go to the set now.
- Okay?
- Yes.
How’s it, Mr. Don?
It’s okay.
Pond? Is it okay?
The client likes it, so I’m good.
If it’s okay,
let’s continue shooting.
Yes, it’s all good.
Please add some oil.
It’s fine. I can do it myself.
Please take this.
Okay?
Yes.
Thank you.
What’s wrong?
Ugh, Pond!
What happened?
The photos are unusable.
The product looks bad.
Come on, do it better.
Sorry.
I’m tired. I’ll grab a coffee.
Coffee now?
Get a coffee for
my handsome photographer.
It’s okay, I’ll get it myself.
I need to use the bathroom too.
Hurry up then.
Sorry about that.
The photos turned out
blurry or something.
Everyone needs to pee.
Yeah.
You okay, Mr. Photographer?
I told you to button it properly.
Playing the naughty role?
Do you know
what happens to a naughty kid?
What?
Hey, who locked it?
Can I check above
to see if they're okay?
Come on, Mr. Don.
My handsome photographer
has his energy back!
Alright, let’s continue shooting.
- You okay?
- I’m good, thanks.
You look relaxed.
Okay, let's go.
Is it good?
I mean is the model good?
Oh, yes.
- Don’t need to add oil.
- Yes, no need to.
Flex your muscles a bit.
Great job, Pond.
Is it okay, Akin?
It’s fine.
If it’s okay,
we’re a little past schedule,
but it’s fine.
We can wrap up now.
Thank you. Thanks, everyone.
Thank you so much. Thank you.
Hey, Kin.
Wait up.
Kin.
Are you running off?
Running off? I’m going home.
You made me fall for you.
Today,
you’re not make use of me, right?
When did I make you fall for me?
If everything I did back then
made you think that
I made you fall for me,
then I don’t know what to say.
I didn’t mean it like that.
I was just rambling.
Sorry.
Can we talk this out?
I’ve always believed that
our story isn’t over.
Today, I’m even more sure.
The way you looked at me this afternoon
tole me that
you still care about me.
You still love me.
I could feel it.
I don’t know why you left me.
- But if the same feelings...
- It ended that day.
Which day?
Can you tell me?
What did I do wrong?
I want to know.
So I can explain, apologize,
make it right.
I won’t do it again.
Every time you had something,
you told me.
You warned me.
But why didn’t you
tell me this time?
You just left me
without an explanation.
Our past is still unresolved.
And my feelings are still the same.
Yes.
Something from
the past are still lingering.
But at this point,
we have to forget it to move on.
Can you really forget it?
I’ve never forgotten it.
I know.
You never forgot either.
Do you still remember how it felt?
Do you feel anything?
I don’t.
That's not true.
I know.
I know you still feel it.
It’s not something
you can easily forget.
But today,
I don't feel it anymore.
See?
Do you believe me now?
There’s really no feeling left.
I’m glad.
That we got to meet again.
But don’t let the past
pull us back into the pain again.
Thanks for your help today.
It’s okay.
I’m still here.
I’m always still here with you.
Something from the past
are still lingering.
But at this point,
we have to forget it to move on.
Can you really forget it?
I’ve never forgotten it.
I know.
Do you still remember how it felt?
So what are you going to do now?
I don’t know either.
What did he say when you asked?
He said he didn’t know
what I was talking about.
What did you ask him?
I asked...
When I wasn’t around, did he...
Did he ever sleep with
anyone else, right?
And he said no, never.
He only loves you. Is that right?
Do you remember my ex, Non?
That’s exactly what he said.
Who would admit that?
Did you ask him
if he knew the woman?
How did he get her number?
I asked. But he said...
He didn’t know her.
And there were
no messages nor calls from her.
Except that one time
she called at the basketball court.
Who would leave the evidence?
I’ve done it before.
I know what to do to hide it.
Trust me. Stop being naive
and stop being foolish.
Do you remember when he got
his neck kissed by a girl?
What did he tell you?
He said it was an ant bite,
and you actually believed him.
Do you really think
an ant bite looks like that?
You can ask a 6th grader,
I bet they’d know
what that mark is.
A kiss mark, a sign of possession.
It means, “he's mine.”
And there’s the time he stayed
overnight at his friend’s place.
Everything for having sex
was on the bed.
I don’t think anything
happened back then.
I don't know how to curse you now.
You’re totally clueless,
no sense at all.
His friend just wanted to show off.
So she took a selfie
and posted it to tell the world.
“I slept with Thanwa
of the Sports Science”
She tagged it so you could see.
So you could start a fight,
then she'll apologize and comfort him.
She'll steal him from you.
But he's lucky to have
a good boyfriend like you.
You believe everything he says.
He knows you love him,
he gets whatever he wants.
That’s why he keeps doing this.
But I think this time,
he’s gone too far.
You mean...
You two want me to...
Break up.
How many chances
have you given him?
Do you really think he deserves
another chance from you?
Trust me.
Giving him another chance
will just be the same.
You won’t be able to change him.
And trust me, you won’t get
the truth out of him either.
I know because I’m just like him.
I say whatever I want too.
My girlfriend never
knew the truth from me
unless I decide to tell her.
Where is he now?
That day when I yelled at him,
he asked to go stay with
his parents for a couple of days.
So I could have peace of mind.
But there was something going on,
so he decided to stay longer.
Trust me.
He’s definitely dealing
with this situation.
The liquor’s finished.
Do you want to keep drinking?
Or do you want to eat grasses?
I know.
You love him so much.
But you...
Please open your eyes.
We love you a lot,
that’s why we’re being honest.
Kin?
Hello?
This is Than.
I came back to the room
but couldn't find Kin.
Did you see him at university?
He went to England.
I just dropped him off at
the airport a couple of days ago.
He went to England?
Yeah, he went to visit his parents.
And to look into further studies.
When is he coming back?
It might be a while.
He’s finished his assignments.
Next term,
he only has one more project.
Honestly, I think you should
just let him go.
I know my friend is a good person,
and he loves you a lot.
But I’m not sure how much
you love him in return.
If you loved him more than this,
he wouldn’t have to feel hurt
because of you.
Let him find someone better.
I didn’t expect you to call.
Is there something you need?
Mom?
Can I eat this?
Say hello to your uncle first.
Hello, Uncle. My name is Mawin.
What’s your name?
Hello, I’m Akin.
Are you a friend of my mom?
He is a friend of mine.
He’s known you since you were born.
He has been living abroad
and just came back to Thailand.
And what you've got there?
Can I eat it, please?
Sure, but just one piece, okay?
Okay.
Would you like some?
It’s really delicious.
I’ll give you a piece.
No, thank you.
You eat it.
Thank you for sharing.
You kept him.
He didn’t do anything wrong.
He has the right to live
his life on this earth.
Are you still in touch
with his father?
He only has his mother.
He doesn’t have a father.
Can I stay?
I want to stay with you.
I want to see you every day.
But we still get to see each other.
On weekends, you’ll be with me.
I want to study at a school nearby.
I don't want to go to
a good school like you said.
If you go therel,
you’ll make good friends.
Trust me,
when you meet new friends,
you’ll love it.
And your school is close
to my condo too.
When you finish school,
I can pick him up right away.
Last time you went to my condo,
you said you liked the swimming pool.
You can there every day.
When you are sick
and need to take medicine,
who will get the water for you?
I have my doctor
to take care of me.
I have to go to the hospital
often these days.
Sometimes, I have to
stay overnight.
If you stay at the shop with me,
I’ll be worried.
That’s why I asked him
to take care of you
during the times
I'm not feeling well.
I can stay at the shop.
I'm grown up now.
Come stay with me.
If you miss her, just call her.
Or you can video call her.
When I close the shop,
I'll come to visit you.
And don’t forget to take me out.
There aren’t many places
to visit around here.
But you’ll have fun there,
don’t you think?
I love you, Mom.
I love you too, Mawin.
There’s someone else who loves you
just like I do.
Do you know who it is?
Uncle Akin.
You’ve often told me that
you want a dad like others.
What if we let him be your dad now?
When you’re not with me,
you’ll still have this dad.
So when I'm not with you,
can I call you Dad?
Sure.
You can call me anything you want.
Dad, promise me
you'll bring me to see her often.
I promise to be a good boy.
That’s great. I’ll visit you often.
When you miss me,
ask him to video call me.
That way, we’ll feel close.
Yes, I promise
I’ll call you every day.
You promise you'll visit me, right?
I promise you.
I’ll take care of him
like he’s my own child.
I promise you too.
Hello, Uncle.
What’s up, Mawin?
Today, I made clay with Mom.
So I want to show it to you.
It looks great!
You did an excellent job.
When are you coming to pick you up?
Hmm... how about in two days?
Can we make it three days instead?
I still miss Mom too much.
Okay, I'll see you
in three days then.
Okay.
Go up to your room,
take a shower, and rest.
You’ll feel better tomorrow.
Things like this take time.
It’s late. You should go to bed.
Okay. I miss you.
Let’s meet again soon.
I miss you too. Sweet dreams.
Goodbye.
Kin.
I know you’re standing there.
And I also know
that you lied to me about the kiss.
Our feelings are still the same.
Nothing has changed.
Can you come out and tell me
that everything between us
is still the same?
That you still love me
just like I love you?
If you don’t want
to say it out loud,
you can just tap once to respond
to show that
we still feel the same.
If you tap once,
it means...
you don’t feel anything
for me anymore.
But if you tap twice,
it means you still feel
the same way as I do.
Can you hear me?
You can tap to reply.
Please answer me.
I’m waiting for your answer.
Waiting at a door that seems like
it will never open
makes me question whether
I should still be here.
Are you okay? I can stay with you.
Trust me,
No matter how many chances
you give, he’ll always be the same.
You’ll never change him.
Are you sure you’re okay?
I understand.
When we try,
but it doesn’t work out,
it hurts much.
Because I’ve been there.
Have you ever seen me give up?
Even now,
I still have a little hope left.
Are you talking about me...
and you?
Yes.
I admit it.
Even though
you’ve told me ten times
that we can only be friends,
deep down,
I still hope you’ll give me
a chance someday.
Bro.
Hey, I’m being honest.
And what does this
have to do with this?
It’s related.
Because Than I know
isn’t someone who will easily give up.
Or maybe...
When something breaks,
we should let it be.
It can’t be fixed anymore.
Than.
Do you remember
the first exercise machine
that broke down after
we used it for a long time?
The repairman said
it couldn’t be fixed.
But it was you
who told us to try fixing it first.
To try fixing it completely.
And in the end,
it worked just fine.
It’s different, bro.
This is a person with feelings.
And the thing is,
I don’t even know
what he’s thinking.
It’s been years now.
Maybe,
it’s too late.
If it matters enough,
there’s no such thing as too late.
You said that.
You should ask your own heart.
Is he important enough
for you to keep trying?
Thank you for seeing me
on the days
when I can't see myself.
The door may be closed,
but no matter how many times,
I'll knock
until he opens his heart.
Yeah, that’s how it should be.
Than I know
tries again so it doesn’t
end the same way.
No matter how long it takes,
I’ll never stop trying.
The second branch of the gym, too.
The sales have to rise,
and it needs to be packed.
- Cheers.
Fight on!
Can I try a bite?
I saw the brochure of the condo.
Are you moving out?
Do you want me to?
If you want me to,
I’ll tell other people
that we’re dating.
So it violates our agreement.
Who dates you?
Seriously, how long do
we have to keep this quiet?
Are you embarrassed to date
a photographer like me?
What do you think?
Probably a little.
Look at how different
you and I are.
If I were handsome, fair-skinned,
and a pretty boy,
you'd probably announce me
to the world.
Do you still want to
maintain professionalism?
Why?
Many companies don't allow
dating within the workplace.
I’m not part of Beyond Perfect.
And neither are you.
Also, Too doesn't have such rules.
Well, think about it.
If people find out we're dating
and living together like this
and when I have work,
I choose you as the photographer,
Next job, it’ll still be you...
The next job too, it's you.
Sure, because I’m good.
They might think you got
the job for another reason,
not because of your skills.
When you choose me for work,
is it because I’m good,
or is it something else
that stands out?
I’m confident in
my professionalism.
Just asking, no need to be serious.
Alright, let’s stick with the deal.
Why are you looking for
a new place?
I don't know.
Maybe you’ll feel uncomfortable
having someone living with you.
Honestly, you can tell me.
I’m ready to move out.
I’m used to it.
Used to it or like it? Be honest.
Done? Then, can I have some?
What desserts do you have today?
Special menu, Obsidian Dark
Chocolate Lava with Coco Caviar.
The Lava is dark chocolate,
served with rich cocoa pearls.
And Ivory Creme Brulee
with White Tea Syrup.
I’ll have the dark chocolate,
but no pearls.
You like it strong, huh?
What about you?
Same for me.
But I’ll have the pearls.
I like it.
- You don’t like pearls?
- Hey!
Table manners.
That’s all for now.
Are we going anywhere
or just head back?
Just going back.
I’m sleepy. I want to sleep.
You think you can sleep?
The Resort De Puskani is
a newly renovated resort
with white as a replacement for
the sand and blue for the sea.
It’s inspired by a fishing village.
Hmm, nice.
Thanks a lot, Akin.
Does anyone have
any more questions?
We haven’t partied in a while.
Should we have a small one?
Are you crazy?
We’re supposed to discuss work!
I'll never let you pass.
So no one else?
If not, let’s call it a day.
- Alright.
- Thank you.
Rowing the boat, deep waters flow,
thinking of the one who rows.
Rowing the boat to Phayao,
rowing the boat to Phayao.
Who wants to get drunk,
get up and row!
Rowing the boat, deep waters flow,
thinking of the one who rows.
I’ll meet you at the restaurant,
same table.
Oh, let's go.
Rowing the boat, deep waters flow,
Let's go, Fai.
See you at the restaurant.
Akin, are you coming?
Where to?
AJ wants to go party.
The same place.
Nah,I need to pick up
Mawin from his mom’s.
Work’s pretty loaded.
Are you alright?
Should I get you some help?
I’m good, thanks.
Make sure you get some rest.
Go to the gym, work out a bit.
Your health KPI might suffer.
Sure.
Honestly, Akin...
Lately, I feel like you’re not
as bright as before.
Is there something going on?
Is it something at home?
It’s nothing.
I know you’re alone in Thailand.
Your parents are far away.
If you need to talk, I’m here.
I want this company to be like
another home for you.
We can talk about anything.
And I believe that when
our personal life is good,
your work life will be good too.
Thank you.
You know what?
A truly skilled person doesn’t
only handle work well.
They also manage their emotions
and feelings well.
They’re brave enough to admit
what they really want in life.
Sometimes, work can wait
because there’s a deadline.
But something needs to be
dealt with right away.
Don’t let them linger
because it could be too late.
Okay.
I’m leaving now.
Someone’s here to see you.
Okay.
Let’s start over.
Let’s go on a trip.
Akin, when did you start dating?
How come you didn’t tell me?
But with all these hearts,
won't he think you're
a little two-faced?
They'll have
New Year party at school.
But we need to find an outfit too.
We just started dating
so let’s take it slow.
It’s not over yet.
You need dessert to finish, right?
Is that Akin?